_pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: <a href='#'>Affiliations</a>. Address. Contacts. Motto. Etc.

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: >
    <p>555 your office number</p>
    <p>123 your address street</p>
    <p>Your City, State 12345</p>

news: true # includes a list of news items
selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

Hi! I'm Noah, an undergraduate student at CU Boulder studying physics and mathematics.

I'm a devout Christian theist, which motivates much of my theological and philosophical selections in terms of literature, which you can see here.

Write your biography here. Tell the world about yourself. Link to your favorite [subreddit](http://reddit.com). You can put a picture in, too. The code is already in, just name your picture `prof_pic.jpg` and put it in the `img/` folder.

Put your address / P.O. box / other info right below your picture. You can also disable any of these elements by editing `profile` property of the YAML header of your `_pages/about.md`. Edit `_bibliography/papers.bib` and Jekyll will render your [publications page](/al-folio/publications/) automatically.

Link to your social media connections, too. This theme is set up to use [Font Awesome icons](https://fontawesome.com/) and [Academicons](https://jpswalsh.github.io/academicons/), like the ones below. Add your Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Google Scholar, or just disable all of them.

Commit message:

Small updates to config, about

_pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: <a href='#'>Affiliations</a>. Address. Contacts. Motto. Etc.

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: >
    <p>Currently Residing in Boulder, Colorado</p>
    <p></p>
    <p></p>

news: false # includes a list of news items
selected_papers: false # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: false # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

Welcome! I'm Noah, an undergraduate student at CU Boulder studying physics and mathematics. Currently investigating quantum chemistry under the direction of Dr. Markus Pflaum. See all the technical things I'm up to in the links above!

I am foremost devout Christian theist, which motivates much of my theological and philosophical selections in terms of literature, which you can see here.

Otherwise, I participate in various activities with the cello studio, thanks to the generosity of Professor Requiro and TA's Peyton and Julian.



<!--- Write your biography here. Tell the world about yourself. Link to your favorite [subreddit](http://reddit.com). You can put a picture in, too. The code is already in, just name your picture `prof_pic.jpg` and put it in the `img/` folder.

 Put your address / P.O. box / other info right below your picture. You can also disable any of these elements by editing `profile` property of the YAML header of your `_pages/about.md`. Edit `_bibliography/papers.bib` and Jekyll will render your [publications page](/al-folio/publications/) automatically.

Link to your social media connections, too. This theme is set up to use [Font Awesome icons](https://fontawesome.com/) and [Academicons](https://jpswalsh.github.io/academicons/), like the ones below. Add your Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Google Scholar, or just disable all of them. -->
